In this lecture we will use
Hadoop to run WordCount.
First we will open a terminal shell and
explore the Hadoop-provided MapReduce
programs.
Next we will verify the input
file exists in HDFS.
We will then run WordCount and
explore the WordCount output directory.
After that we will copy
the WordCount results
from HDFS to the local file system and
view them.
Let's begin.
First we'll open a terminal shell by
clicking on the icon at
top of the window here.
Next, we'll look at the map produced
programs that come with Hadoop.
We can do this by running Hadoop,
jars user jars, Hadoop examples .jar.
This command says we're going to use
the jar command to run a program
in Hadoop from a jar file.
And the jar file that we're running from
is in /usr/jars/hadoop-examples.jar.
Many programs written in Java
are distributed via jar files.
If we run this command We'll see a list of
different programs that come with Hadoop.
So for example, wordcount.
Count the words in a text file.
Wordmean, count the average
length of words.
And other programs, such as sorting and
calculating the length of pi.
In the previous lecture we downloaded
the Works of Shakespeare and
saved it into HDFS.
Let's make sure that file is still
there by running hadoop fs -ls.
We can see that the file is still there,
and it's called words.txt.
We can run wordcount by running hadoop jar
/usr/jars/hadoop-examples.jar wordcount.
This command says that
we're going to run a jar,
and this is the name of the jar
containing the program.
And the program we're
going to run is wordcount.
When we run it, we see that it
prints the command line usage for
how to run wordcount.
This says that wordcount takes one or
more input files and an output name.
Now, both the input and
the output are located in HDFS.
So we have the input file that we
just listed, words.txt, in HDFS.
We can run wordcount.
So we'll run hadoop
jar/usr/jars/hadoop-examples.jar
wordcount words.txt out.
This is saying we're going to run
the WordCount program using words.txt
as the input and
put the output in a directory called out.
So we'll run it.
As wordcount is running,
your prints progress to the screen.
It'll print the percentage of map and
reduce completed.
And when both of these reach 100%,
then the job is done.
Now that the job is complete,
let's look at the results.
We can run Hadoop fs
-ls to see the output.
This shows that out was created and
this is where our results are stored.
Notice that it's
a directory with a d here.
So hadoop word count created
the directory to contain the output.
Let's look inside that directory
by running Hadoop fs- ls out.
[BLANK AUDIO] We can see that there
are two files in this directory.
The first is _SUCCESS, this means that
the WordCount job completed successfully.
The other file part-r-00000 is a text file
containing the output from
the WordCount command
Now let's copy this text file to the local
file system from HDFS and then view it.
We could copy it by running
hadoop fs -copytolocal
out/part-r-00000 local.
And we'll say local.txt is the name.
You can view the results of this.
We're running more local.txt.
This will view the contents of the file.
We can hit spacebar to scroll down.
We see the results of
WordCount in this file.
Each line is a particular word and
the second column is the count
of how many words of this particular
word was found in the input file.
You can hit q to quit